Adding instructions in readme.md to use Drush commands in multi-site setup (#248)
platformsh/template-builder: templates/drupal8-multisite/files/README.md

3. Edit `services.yaml` and add a new database and endpoint.  Copying and pasting an existing entry is fine.  The new relationship must be named `stuff`.
4. Edit `.platform.app.yaml` and add a new relationship: `stuff: db:stuff`.  (Where `db` is the name of the database service from `services.yaml`.)
5. Commit the above changes and push.
6. In your browser, go to the `stuff.example.com` domain (or equivalent on a dev environment) and run through the Drupal installer as usual. Alternatively, you can use Drush as described bellow.
7. Edit the `sites/stuff/settings.php` file again and enable Redis by setting `$platformsh_enable_redis` to true.
8. Commit and push that change.
9. Profit.

Alternatively, a PHP shell script is provided that automates steps 1-4.  See [`psh-subsite-add.php`](psh-subsite-add.php).

## Using Drush in multi-site

> - In a Drupal multi-site setup, sites ID are defined in [web/sites/sites.php](https://github.com/platformsh-templates/drupal8-multisite/blob/master/web/sites/sites.php) (created from [example.sites.php](https://git.drupalcode.org/project/drupal/-/blob/8.8.x/sites/example.sites.php))
> - By default in this multi-site template, 2 subsites are defined in [routes.yaml](https://github.com/platformsh-templates/drupal8-multisite/blob/master/.platform/routes.yaml): `first` and `second`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a Drupal multi-site setup, sites ID are defined in [web/sites/sites.php](https://github.com/platformsh-templates/drupal8-multisite/blob/master/web/sites/sites.php).  By default in this multi-site template, 2 subsites are defined in [routes.yaml](https://github.com/platformsh-templates/drupal8-multisite/blob/master/.platform/routes.yaml): `first` and `second`
```

Author: Thanks ! Commit updated with your suggestion @Crell

> Any Drush command can therefore be used on a specific subsite by using `--uri=`. Ex: 
> - `drush status --uri=first`
> - `drush status --uri=second`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any Drush command can therefore be used on a specific subsite by using `--uri=`.  For example:

* `drush status --uri=first`
* `drush status --uri=second`
```

Author: Thanks ! Commit updated with your suggestion @Crell
